doc: improve FEM user guide (#15184)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_fem.rst

* :ref:`ug_radio_fem_nrf21540_gpio` - For the nRF21540 GPIO implementation that uses a 3-pin interface with the nRF21540.
* :ref:`ug_radio_fem_skyworks` - For the implementation that uses a 2-pin interface with the SKY66112-11 device and other compatible front-end modules.

To use any of these implementations with your application, the following conditions must be satisfied:

1. The :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl_fem` in the :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl` (MPSL) library must be enabled.
It provides implementations of drivers for supported Front-end modules.

   * Enable support for MPSL by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL` Kconfig option to ``y``. For radio protocols drivers based on MPSL, this option is selected by default.
   * Enable support for the FEM subsystem by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM` Kconfig option to ``y``. This option is selected automatically if a supported FEM is provided in the application's devicetree file.

If the application cannot use MPSL but wishes to use only the FEM driver provided by MPSL, refer to :ref:`ug_radio_fem_direct_support` for details.

> #. The FEM driver described above must be used by the radio protocol driver. Currently, the following protocols use the FEM support provided by MPSL:

Reviewer: one sentence per line
```suggestion
#. The FEM driver described above must be used by the radio protocol driver.
   Currently, the following protocols use the FEM support provided by MPSL:
```

   * :ref:`ug_thread`
   * :ref:`ug_zigbee`
   * :ref:`ug_ble_controller`
   * :ref:`ug_multiprotocol_support`

For applications based on the protocols above, the FEM driver provided by MPSL is used to correctly control the FEM depending on the current radio operation.
For other radio protocol implementations and applications that control the radio directly, the FEM driver must be used according to :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl_api_fem`.
For reference, see the following samples that are not based on any of the radio protocol drivers listed above and support FEM control:

   * :ref:`radio_test`
   * :ref:`direct_test_mode`

#. The FEM that software support should be enabled for must be defined in devicetree file of the application.
Depending on the use case, this can be achieved by providing a devicetree overlay to the build, defining the value of the ``SHIELD`` CMake variable or modifying the target board devicetree file directly.
Refer to :ref:`ug_radio_fem_hw_desc` for details.
#. Select the FEM driver implementation to be enabled by setting the appropriate Kconfig option.

The following FEM implementations are supported:

>    * The nRF21540 GPIO implementation, see :ref:`ug_radio_fem_nrf21540_gpio`. To use it, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_NRF21540_GPIO` Kconfig option to ``y``. This Kconfig option is enabled by default if `nRF21540`_ node is provided in devicetree.
>    * The nRF21540 GPIO+SPI implementation, see :ref:`ug_radio_fem_nrf21540_spi_gpio`. To use it, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_NRF21540_GPIO_SPI` Kconfig option to ``y``.
>    * The 2-pin simple GPIO implementation. To use it, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_SIMPLE_GPIO` Kconfig option to ``y``. This Kconfig option is enabled by default if a FEM compatible with generic two control pins FEM is provided in devicetree. Refer to :ref:`ug_radio_fem_skyworks` for details.

Reviewer: one sentence per line
```suggestion
   * The nRF21540 GPIO implementation, see :ref:`ug_radio_fem_nrf21540_gpio`.
     To use it, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_NRF21540_GPIO` Kconfig option to ``y``. 
     This Kconfig option is enabled by default if `nRF21540`_ node is provided in devicetree.
   * The nRF21540 GPIO+SPI implementation, see :ref:`ug_radio_fem_nrf21540_spi_gpio`. To use it, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_NRF21540_GPIO_SPI` Kconfig option to ``y``.
   * The 2-pin simple GPIO implementation.
     To use it, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_SIMPLE_GPIO` Kconfig option to ``y``.
     This Kconfig option is enabled by default if a FEM compatible with generic two control pins FEM is provided in devicetree. Refer to :ref:`ug_radio_fem_skyworks` for details.
```

* :ref:`ug_radio_fem_skyworks` - For the implementation that uses a 2-pin interface with the SKY66112-11 device and other compatible front-end modules.

To use any of these implementations with your application, the following conditions must be satisfied:

1. The :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl_fem` in the :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl` (MPSL) library must be enabled. It provides implementations of drivers for supported Front-end modules.

   * Enable support for MPSL by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL` Kconfig option to ``y``. For radio protocols drivers based on MPSL, this option is selected by default.
   * Enable support for the FEM subsystem by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM` Kconfig option to ``y``. This option is selected automatically if a supported FEM is provided in the application's devicetree file.

   .. note::
      If the application cannot use MPSL but wishes to use only the FEM driver provided by MPSL, it can be achieved by enabling the following Kconfig options:

      * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL`
      * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_ONLY`

> 

Reviewer: There is whole chapter about this "MPSL FEM-only configuration", no need to duplicate. If needed please link to this chapter.

> If the FEM driver provided by MPSL does not support all the required features, a custom FEM driver must be provided by the application. In that case, the steps below do not apply.

Author: My idea here was that it is possible to disable MPSL completely and provide a custom implementation of the API invoked by radio protocol drivers: https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrfxlib/mpsl/doc/api.html#mpsl-fem. That could only work if MPSL was disabled completely. Do you think I should clarify that or simply remove this information at all?

> If the FEM driver provided by MPSL does not support all the required features, a custom FEM driver must be provided by the application. In that case, the steps below do not apply.

Reviewer: If the customer disables the MPSL completely, the SDC and 802.15.4 RD will not work. You write that the reason for this customer-provided-implementation is that "the FEM driver does not support all required features". But currently the only way to provide the alternate FEM implementation is to disable MPSL and that has the consequences mentioned. This is important and should be mentioned.
What about
```
If the FEM driver provided by MPSL does not support all the required features, a custom FEM driver can be provided by the application.
You must however disable the MPSL completely.
In that case, the steps below do not apply.
```

> If the FEM driver provided by MPSL does not support all the required features, a custom FEM driver must be provided by the application. In that case, the steps below do not apply.

Author: I decided to remove this sentence completely just a minute ago. Hope that's fine

#. The FEM driver described above must be used by the radio protocol driver. Currently, the following protocols use the FEM support provided by MPSL:

   * :ref:`ug_thread`
   * :ref:`ug_zigbee`
   * :ref:`ug_ble_controller`
   * :ref:`ug_multiprotocol_support`

For applications based on the protocols above, the FEM driver provided by MPSL is used to correctly control the FEM depending on the current radio operation. For other radio protocol implementations and applications that control the radio directly, the FEM driver must be used according to :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl_api_fem`. For reference, see the following samples that are not based on any of the radio protocol drivers listed above and support FEM control:

   * :ref:`radio_test`
   * :ref:`direct_test_mode`

> #. The FEM that software support should be enabled for must be defined in devicetree file of the application. Depending on the use case, this can be achieved by providing a devicetree overlay to the build, defining the value of the ``SHIELD`` CMake variable or modifying the target board devicetree file directly. Refer to :ref:`ug_radio_fem_hw_desc` for details.

Author: Why do you think so? What other ways are there to ensure that a specific node is present in the application's devicetree file for out of tree boards? I assumed that snippets fall into "devicetree overlay" box and no other ways come to my mind.

For testing purposes, a FEM is usually integrated in either a development kit or a shield that you can connect to a development kit.

This guide describes how to add support for different front-end module (FEM) implementations to your application in |NCS|.

.. _ug_radio_fem_sw_support:

Software support
****************

The following implementations are available in |NCS|:

* :ref:`ug_radio_fem_nrf21540_spi_gpio` - For the nRF21540 GPIO+SPI implementation that uses a 3-pin interface and an SPI interface with the nRF21540.
* :ref:`ug_radio_fem_nrf21540_gpio` - For the nRF21540 GPIO implementation that uses a 3-pin interface with the nRF21540.
* :ref:`ug_radio_fem_skyworks` - For the implementation that uses a 2-pin interface with the SKY66112-11 device and other compatible front-end modules.

To use any of these implementations with your application, the following conditions must be satisfied:

1. The :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl_fem` in the :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl` (MPSL) library must be enabled.
It provides implementations of drivers for supported Front-end modules.

>    * Enable support for MPSL by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL` Kconfig option to ``y``. For radio protocols drivers based on MPSL, this option is selected by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Enable support for MPSL by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL` Kconfig option to ``y``. For radio protocol drivers based on MPSL, this option is selected by default.
```

   * Enable support for the FEM subsystem by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM` Kconfig option to ``y``.
     This option is selected automatically if a supported FEM is provided in the application's devicetree file.

If the application cannot use MPSL but wishes to use only the FEM driver provided by MPSL, refer to :ref:`ug_radio_fem_direct_support` for details.
#. The FEM driver described above must be used by the radio protocol driver.
   Currently, the following protocols use the FEM support provided by MPSL:

   * :ref:`ug_thread`
   * :ref:`ug_zigbee`
   * :ref:`ug_ble_controller`
   * :ref:`ug_multiprotocol_support`

For applications based on the protocols above, the FEM driver provided by MPSL is used to correctly control the FEM depending on the current radio operation.
For other radio protocol implementations and applications that control the radio directly, the FEM driver must be used according to :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl_api_fem`.
For reference, see the following samples that are not based on any of the radio protocol drivers listed above and support FEM control:

   * :ref:`radio_test`
   * :ref:`direct_test_mode`

> #. The FEM that software support should be enabled for must be defined in devicetree file of the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. The FEM must be defined in devicetree file of the application.
```
Maybe clearer?

   * Enable support for the FEM subsystem by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM` Kconfig option to ``y``.
     This option is selected automatically if a supported FEM is provided in the application's devicetree file.

If the application cannot use MPSL but wishes to use only the FEM driver provided by MPSL, refer to :ref:`ug_radio_fem_direct_support` for details.
#. The FEM driver described above must be used by the radio protocol driver.
Currently, the following protocols use the FEM support provided by MPSL:

   * :ref:`ug_thread`
   * :ref:`ug_zigbee`
   * :ref:`ug_ble_controller`
   * :ref:`ug_multiprotocol_support`

For applications based on the protocols above, the FEM driver provided by MPSL is used to correctly control the FEM depending on the current radio operation.
For other radio protocol implementations and applications that control the radio directly, the FEM driver must be used according to :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl_api_fem`.
For reference, see the following samples that are not based on any of the radio protocol drivers listed above and support FEM control:

   * :ref:`radio_test`
   * :ref:`direct_test_mode`

> #. The FEM must be defined in devicetree file of the application.

Reviewer 2: The numbering does not work. In the doc preview build, there is a literal `#` here.

   Replace the SPI bus according to your hardware design.

#. Create alternative pinctrl entries for SPI3 and replace the ``pinctrl-N`` and ``pinctrl-names`` properties.

> #. On nRF53 devices, the devicetree nodes described above must be added to the network core. For the application core, a GPIO forwarder node must be added to the devicetree file:

Reviewer: one sentecne per line
```suggestion
#. On nRF53 devices, the devicetree nodes described above must be added to the network core.
   For the application core, a GPIO forwarder node must be added to the devicetree file:
```

   .. code-block:: devicetree

      &gpio_fwd {
         nrf21540-gpio-if {
            gpios = <&gpio0 11 0>,   /* tx-en-gpios */
                    <&gpio0 12 0>,   /* rx-en-gpios */
                    <&gpio0 13 0>,   /* pdn-gpios */
                    <&gpio0 14 0>,   /* ant-sel-gpios */
                    <&gpio0 15 0>;   /* mode-gpios */
         };
         nrf21540-spi-if {
            gpios = <&gpio1 16 0>,   /* cs-gpios */
                    <&gpio1 15 0>,   /* SPIM_SCK */
                    <&gpio1 14 0>,   /* SPIM_MISO */
                    <&gpio1 13 0>;   /* SPIM_MOSI */
         };
      };

   The pins defined in the GPIO forwarder node in the application core's devicetree file must match the pins defined in the FEM nodes in the network core's devicetree file.

> #. On nRF53 devices, SPIM0 and UARTE0 are mutually exclusive AHB bus masters on the network core as follows from `Product Specification <nRF5340 Product Specification_>`_, Section 6.4.3.1, Table 22. As a result, they cannot be used simultaneously. For the SPI part of the nRF21540 interface to be functional, the UARTE0 node must be disabled in the network core's devicetree file.

Reviewer: one sentence per line
```suggestion
#. On nRF53 devices, SPIM0 and UARTE0 are mutually exclusive AHB bus masters on the network core as follows from `Product Specification <nRF5340 Product Specification_>`_, Section 6.4.3.1, Table 22.
   As a result, they cannot be used simultaneously.
   For the SPI part of the nRF21540 interface to be functional, the UARTE0 node must be disabled in the network core's devicetree file.
```

                    <&gpio0 12 0>,   /* rx-en-gpios */
                    <&gpio0 13 0>,   /* pdn-gpios */
                    <&gpio0 14 0>,   /* ant-sel-gpios */
                    <&gpio0 15 0>;   /* mode-gpios */
         };
         nrf21540-spi-if {
            gpios = <&gpio0 21 0>,   /* cs-gpios */
                    <&gpio1 15 0>,   /* SPIM_SCK */
                    <&gpio1 14 0>,   /* SPIM_MISO */
                    <&gpio1 13 0>;   /* SPIM_MOSI */
         };
      };

   The pins defined in the GPIO forwarder node in the application core's devicetree file must match the pins defined in the FEM nodes in the network core's devicetree file.

#. On nRF53 devices, SPIM0 and UARTE0 are mutually exclusive AHB bus masters on the network core as follows from `Product Specification <nRF5340 Product Specification_>`_, Section 6.4.3.1, Table 22.
   As a result, they cannot be used simultaneously.
   For the SPI part of the nRF21540 interface to be functional, the UARTE0 node must be disabled in the network core's devicetree file.

   .. code-block:: devicetree

      &uart0 {
         status = "disabled";
      };

.. note::

>    Since nRF21540 GPIO-only mode of operation is selected by default in Kconfig when an nRF21540 node is provided in devicetree, as explained in :ref:`ug_radio_fem_sw_support`, to enable GPIO+SPI mode of operation the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_NRF21540_GPIO_SPI` Kconfig option must be set explicitly to ``y``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The nRF21540 GPIO-only mode of operation is selected by default in Kconfig when an nRF21540 node is provided in devicetree, as mentioned in the :ref:`ug_radio_fem_sw_support` section.
   To enable the GPIO+SPI mode of operation, you must explicitly set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_NRF21540_GPIO_SPI` Kconfig option to ``y``.
```

>    Replace the SPI bus according to your hardware design.
> 
> #. Create alternative pinctrl entries for SPI3 and replace the ``pinctrl-N`` and ``pinctrl-names`` properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Replace the SPI bus according to your hardware design.
   Create alternative pinctrl entries for SPI3 and replace the ``pinctrl-N`` and ``pinctrl-names`` properties.
```

#. On nRF53 devices, the devicetree nodes described above must be added to the network core.

>    For the application core, a GPIO forwarder node must be added to the devicetree file:

Reviewer 2: This applies to the GPIO only section further up as well.

Author: It doesn't apply - for backwards compatibility purpose, nRF21540 GPIO implementation uses a different pin forwarding mechanism than nRF21540 GPIO+SPI implementation. The GPIO forwarder node is only needed when nRF21540 GPIO+SPI implementation is used.

Reviewer 2: Out of curiosity, where is that defined?

Author: [Binding](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-zephyr/blob/5c19b37dd82cb25c02da195af2666e75369b7fad/dts/bindings/gpio/nordic%2Cnrf-gpio-forwarder.yaml) and its [example usage](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-zephyr/blob/5c19b37dd82cb25c02da195af2666e75369b7fad/boards/nordic/nrf5340dk/nrf5340_cpuapp_common.dtsi#L113-L119) for nRF5340 DK.

Reviewer 2: Discussed f2f. Agreed to keep the GPIO only section as it is, since it is correct for the non-generic GPIO forwarder and is backwards compatible.

   .. code-block:: devicetree

      &gpio_fwd {
         nrf21540-gpio-if {
            gpios = <&gpio0 11 0>,   /* tx-en-gpios */
                    <&gpio0 12 0>,   /* rx-en-gpios */
                    <&gpio0 13 0>,   /* pdn-gpios */
                    <&gpio0 14 0>,   /* ant-sel-gpios */
                    <&gpio0 15 0>;   /* mode-gpios */
         };
         nrf21540-spi-if {

>             gpios = <&gpio1 16 0>,   /* cs-gpios */

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            gpios = <&gpio0 21 0>,   /* cs-gpios */
```
To match the network core snippet further up?

                    <&gpio1 15 0>,   /* SPIM_SCK */
                    <&gpio1 14 0>,   /* SPIM_MISO */
                    <&gpio1 13 0>;   /* SPIM_MOSI */
         };
      };

   The pins defined in the GPIO forwarder node in the application core's devicetree file must match the pins defined in the FEM nodes in the network core's devicetree file.

#. On nRF53 devices, SPIM0 and UARTE0 are mutually exclusive AHB bus masters on the network core as follows from `Product Specification <nRF5340 Product Specification_>`_, Section 6.4.3.1, Table 22.
   As a result, they cannot be used simultaneously.
   For the SPI part of the nRF21540 interface to be functional, the UARTE0 node must be disabled in the network core's devicetree file.

   .. code-block:: devicetree

      &uart0 {
         status = "disabled";

>       };

Reviewer 2: This is only relevant if `SPIM0` is used for FEM SPI. The devicetree snippet further up uses `SPIM3`, so maybe it is enough to point this out in the nRF21540 EK section?

Author: It is always relevant for nRF53 devices where there's only one instance of `SPIM` and `UART` peripherals on the network core. The example you mentioned uses `SPIM3` available on nRF52 series. Do you think that further clarification about SPIM and UART being mutually exclusive is needed?

Reviewer 2: I think this is fine as it is.

   The state of the other control pins should be set according to the SKY66112-11 documentation.
   See the official `SKY66112-11 page`_ for more information.
#. On nRF53 devices, you must also apply the same devicetree node mentioned in step 1 to the network core.
   To do so, apply the overlay to the correct network core child image by creating an overlay file named :file:`child_image/*childImageName*.overlay` in your application directory, for example :file:`child_image/multiprotocol_rpmsg.overlay`.

   The ``*childImageName*`` string must be one of the following values:

   *  ``multiprotocol_rpmsg`` for multiprotocol applications having support for both 802.15.4 and Bluetooth.
   *  ``802154_rpmsg`` for applications having support for 802.15.4, but not for Bluetooth.
   *  ``hci_ipc`` for application having support for Bluetooth, but not for 802.15.4.

   .. note::

>        This step is not needed when testing with :ref:`direct_test_mode` and :ref:`radio_test` on the nRF53 Series devices.

Reviewer: "On nRF53 devices, you must also apply the same devicetree node mentioned in step 1 to the network core" ... 
What about writing directly in step 1 that the 

```
1. Add the following node in the devicetree file that is applied to the SoC core containing the RADIO peripheral:
   .. code-block::
      / {
         nrf_radio_fem: name_of_fem_node {
            compatible = "skyworks,sky66112-11", "generic-fem-two-ctrl-pins";
            ctx-gpios = <&gpio0 13 GPIO_ACTIVE_HIGH>;
            crx-gpios = <&gpio0 14 GPIO_ACTIVE_HIGH>;
         };
      };
```
Then you could explain how to do this for nRF5340 and all those child images stuff.

Simillar should be done for nrf21540.

Reviewer: discussed f2f, keep it as is

   The state of the other control pins should be set according to the SKY66112-11 documentation.
   See the official `SKY66112-11 page`_ for more information.

> #. On nRF53 devices, you must also apply the same devicetree node from Step 1 to the network core.
>    To do so, apply the overlay to the correct network core child image by creating an overlay file named :file:`child_image/*childImageName*.overlay` in your application directory, for example :file:`child_image/multiprotocol_rpmsg.overlay`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. On nRF53 devices, you must also apply the same devicetree node to the network core.

   Create a devicetree overlay file with the same information as you used in Steps 1 to 3.
   To apply the overlay to the correct network core child image, create the file in the :file:`child image` directory of your application directory, and name it :file:`*childImageName*.overlay`, for example :file:`child_image/multiprotocol_rpmsg.overlay`.
```
I believe this is giving the correct information in a bit more structured manner. Could also remove the empty line after this, so the line introducing the possible names is part of the same paragraph.

Author: Done.

   The state of the other control pins should be set according to the SKY66112-11 documentation.
   See the official `SKY66112-11 page`_ for more information.

> #. On nRF53 devices, you must also apply the same devicetree node mentioned in step 1 to the network core.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. On nRF53 devices, you must also apply the same devicetree node from Step 1 to the network core.
```

>    To do so, apply the overlay to the correct network core child image by creating an overlay file named :file:`child_image/*childImageName*.overlay` in your application directory, for example :file:`child_image/multiprotocol_rpmsg.overlay`.

Reviewer 3: This is not very clear. What are "the overlay" and "the correct network core child image", and what are the contents of the file that is created?

Technically, the file's name doesn't include the `child_image` part, I don't think.

Author: The contents of the file are described in the earlier points. The intention was to explain that the same changes in the devicetree configuration (the same contents) must also be applied to the network core. The most common way of applying such changes is through a devicetree overlay, hence "the overlay". As for the child image - there are several possible child images that might be selected, depending on the main application configuration. The possible values are listed below and the one that matches the main application configuration should be selected.

   The ``*childImageName*`` string must be one of the following values:

>    *  ``multiprotocol_rpmsg`` for multiprotocol applications having support for both 802.15.4 and Bluetooth.
>    *  ``802154_rpmsg`` for applications having support for 802.15.4, but not for Bluetooth.
>    *  ``hci_ipc`` for application having support for Bluetooth, but not for 802.15.4.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   *  ``multiprotocol_rpmsg_`` for multiprotocol applications with support for 802.15.4 and Bluetooth.
   *  ``802154_rpmsg_`` for applications with support for 802.15.4, but without support for Bluetooth.
   *  ``hci_ipc_`` for applications with support for Bluetooth, but without support for 802.15.4.
```

Reviewer 3: Ah, good catch. I didn't notice I changed them.

   .. note::

>        This step is not needed when testing with :ref:`direct_test_mode` and :ref:`radio_test` on the nRF53 Series devices.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
       This step is not needed when testing with the :ref:`direct_test_mode` or :ref:`radio_test` samples on nRF53 Series devices.
```

*  ``802154_rpmsg_`` for applications with support for 802.15.4, but without support for Bluetooth
*  ``hci_ipc_`` for application with support for Bluetooth, but without support for 802.15.4

.. note::

>    On nRF53 devices, SPIM0 and UARTE0 are mutually exclusive AHB bus masters on the network core as follows from `Product Specification <nRF5340 Product Specification_>`_, Section 6.4.3.1, Table 22. As a result, they cannot be used simultaneously. For the SPI part of the nRF21540 interface to be functional, the UARTE0 node must be disabled in the network core's devicetree file.

Reviewer: one sentence pert line
```suggestion
   On nRF53 devices, SPIM0 and UARTE0 are mutually exclusive AHB bus masters on the network core as follows from `Product Specification <nRF5340 Product Specification_>`_, Section 6.4.3.1, Table 22.
   As a result, they cannot be used simultaneously.
   For the SPI part of the nRF21540 interface to be functional, the UARTE0 node must be disabled in the network core's devicetree file.
```

*  ``802154_rpmsg_`` for applications with support for 802.15.4, but without support for Bluetooth
*  ``hci_ipc_`` for application with support for Bluetooth, but without support for 802.15.4

.. note::

>    On nRF53 devices, SPIM0 and UARTE0 are mutually exclusive AHB bus masters on the network core as follows from `Product Specification <nRF5340 Product Specification_>`_, Section 6.4.3.1, Table 22.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   On nRF53 devices, ``SPIM0`` and ``UARTE0`` are mutually exclusive AHB bus masters on the network core as described in the `Product Specification <nRF5340 Product Specification_>`_, Section 6.4.3.1, Table 22.
```

   As a result, they cannot be used simultaneously.

>    For the SPI part of the nRF21540 interface to be functional, the UARTE0 node must be disabled in the network core's devicetree file.

Reviewer 2: I believe `UARTE0` must be disabled for the app core as well. This also means that a different UART must be chosen for HCI to work in e.g. the `hci_uart` sample. The goes for all the other uses of `UARTE0` in the board devicetree and overlays.

Author: I disagree. nRF5340 network core has only one instance of `SPIM` peripheral: `SPIM0`. It's a separate instance than `SPIM0` on the application core so there's no need to modify the application core's devicetree file to avoid conflicts with network core's `SPIM0`. Please refer to nRF5340 PS v1.4 section 7.30.7 for details on the instances

Reviewer 2: Yes, you are correct. I mixed them up. Just add a note to disable boot banner etc that by default uses `UARTE0` on network core, then.

>    For the SPI part of the nRF21540 interface to be functional, the UARTE0 node must be disabled in the network core's devicetree file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   For the SPI part of the nRF21540 interface to be functional, you must disable the ``UARTE0`` node in the network core's devicetree file.
```
